hey guys nickel aviation here with the
unboxing of my Emirates Gemini 200
Airbus a380 um you guys ordered for this
but uh it was a close one between this
and the Hawaiian 767 so I'll do the
Hawaiian 767 tomorrow if you guys Gemini
200 so let's get started right away
here's a box it's different from regular
July 200 box which I like I like that
it's more personalized towards the
aircraft so on the front you got the
front of the plane the Emirates
officially licensed product this box is
huge if you can't tell there's that and
on the back if you have a diagram then
statistics and specifications if you
will down there then that's just the
same as that and the top is the same so
give you an idea I'll bid this boxes
I'll put my hand up to it so there you
go it's kind of get an idea might have
another one here's a folder to it so
gives you a better idea the folder does
so it's it's a massive model and it
weighs a few pounds but the stone here
I'll bring the model in
all right so here she is it's a massive
model so there's an idea again stand up
front
so it's highly detailed like any gym
1900 model it's just much bigger than
the Uglies here's a tail
there's a registration down there you
got all the antennas so come down to the
engines right away a great detail on the
engines
there you I'm like I said this model is
super heavy so I'm gonna set the camera
down again look over to the other side
um you probably weighs close to six
pounds so that also gives you an idea of
how big this is so we'll come down this
side now you got the landing lights
right there
and there is the tail again um I'll show
you the winglet on the side and what
leading edge and stuff well that's a
pretty much overview of this model it's
an awesome model I'd recommend it just
any Gemini 280 380 like the Qantas one
they have coming out I'd get that to you
but I went with Emirates just because it
has a gold but what am i wouldíve you
know Ovilus landing gear right here it's
magnetic so let me set the nose down
gently so there we go it's magnetic it
has a magnet so it just clicks right in
and pops right out so it's easier than
other done about 200 models which is
nice so all you have to do is just pop
it in and it stays in and when you want
it out and you just give it a little tug
and it comes out otherwise in that I
would you put that back on real quick
but otherwise in that here it is once
again I hope you enjoyed this review
it's too heavy for 9 box and sorry about
that but I will do the unboxing for the
Hawaiian 767 tomorrow
so stay tuned for that if you have any
questions about this model just feel
free to ask and I'll answer them and
I'll talk to you guys later